now the Philistines fought against
Israel and the men of Israel fled from
before the Philistines and fell slain on
Mount Gilboa then the Philistines
followed hard after Saul and his sons
and the Philistines killed Jonathan
Abinadab and maokai shield Saul's sons
a battle became fierce against Seoul The
Archers
hit him and he was wounded by the
archers then Saul said to his
armor-bearer on your sword and thrust me
through with it
as these uncircumcised men can abuse me
but his armor-bearer would not for he
was greatly afraid
therefore soul took a sword and
fellowship and when his armor-bearer saw
that saul was dead he also fell on his
sword and died so saul and his three
sons died and all his house died
together and when all the men of israel
who were in the valley saw that they had
fled and thats all his sons were dead
they forsook their cities and fled then
the Philistines came and dwelt in them
so it happened the next day when the
Philistines came to strip the slain that
they found Saul and his sons fall on
Mount Gilboa and they stripped him and
took his head and his armour and sent
word throughout the land of the
Philistines to proclaim the news in the
temple of their idols and among the
people
then they put his armor in the temple of
their gods and fastened his head in the
temple of Dagon and when all jabish
Gilead heard all that the Philistines
had done to Saul all the valiant man
arose and took the body of Saul and the
bodies of his sons and they brought them
to jabish and buried their bones under
the tamarisk tree at jabish and fasted
seven days so Saul died for his
unfaithfulness which he had committed
against the Lord because he did not keep
the word of the Lord and also because he
consulted a medium for guidance but he
did not inquire of the law therefore he
killed him and turned the kingdom over
to David the son of Jesse
[Music]